Add a sample for modern QDK project with Python (#1721)
microsoft/qsharp: samples/python_interop/teleportation_project/README.md

> # An example project to showcase Q# program with a defined folder structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# An example multi-file Q# project with Python classical host
```

> ## Description

Reviewer: Don't need subtitle here, we don't use it in other sample READMEs

> The example project demonstrates a Q# quantum teleportation program using a specific folder structure. The directory includes a `qsharp.json` manifest and Q# source files organized into subfolders. The main file, `RunTeleport.qs`, contains the entry point and references operations defined in other files. The teleportation logic is implemented in `Teleport.qs`, which uses a standard operation from `PrepareState.qs` to create a Bell pair. Instructions are provided for running the program in Visual Studio Code, Jupyter Notebook, or Python environment. Full details are available on the [Microsoft Learn page](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/quantum/user-guide/how-to-work-with-qsharp-projects?tabs=tabid-qsharp%2Ctabid-python-run#example-project).

Reviewer: Let's split this in several paragraphs for readability, and make sure we don't promise anything the sample doesn't deliver.

```suggestion
The example project demonstrates a Q# quantum teleportation program implemented as a multi-file project, designed to be executed from Python classical code. 

The `src` directory includes a `qsharp.json` manifest and Q# source files organized into subfolders. The main file, `RunTeleport.qs`, contains the entry point and references operations defined in other files. The teleportation logic is implemented in `Teleport.qs`, which uses a standard operation from `PrepareState.qs` to create a Bell pair. 

You can execute this project by navigating to its root folder and running `python .\RunTeleport.py`. Alternatively, you can open the folder in Visual Studio code, open the file `RunTeleport.qs`, and select **Run**.

Full details are available on the [Microsoft Learn page](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/quantum/user-guide/how-to-work-with-qsharp-projects?tabs=tabid-qsharp%2Ctabid-python-run#example-project).
```

# An example multi-file Q# project with Python classical host

The example project demonstrates a Q# quantum teleportation program implemented as a multi-file project, designed to be executed from Python classical code. 

> The `src` directory includes a `qsharp.json` manifest and Q# source files organized into subfolders. The main file, `RunTeleport.qs`, contains the entry point and references operations defined in other files. The teleportation logic is implemented in `Teleport.qs`, which uses a standard operation from `PrepareState.qs` to create a Bell pair. 

Reviewer 2: The `qsharp.json` manifest is not in the `src` directory.

Reviewer: @moumita-halder Can you please rephrase this paragraph to address the comment? I think this is the last pending issue for this PR

Author: I tried to address this review comment. Could you please review it again? Thank you!

> You can execute this project by navigating to its root folder and running `python .\RunTeleport.py`. Alternatively, you can open the folder in Visual Studio code, open the file `RunTeleport.qs`, and select **Run**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can execute this project by navigating to its root folder and running `python .\RunTeleport.py`. Alternatively, you can open the folder in Visual Studio Code, open the file `RunTeleport.qs`, and select **Run**.
```
